Final Project Idea: Online shopping web application
Group Name: Boi_Next_Door
Group Member: Siyu Chen, Xiang Wan, Chao Shu, Yingdong Li, Tianbo Tan



Proposal:
A well-designed shopping website
User Authentication: User login/logout/signup.
Searching: Item searching by user based on name, category, etc..
Wishlist/Shopping cart: Items added/updated/deleted by user.
Checkout: checkout from the shopping cart
Orders: User may review the order
Image Upload: allow user to upload the picture and view
Posts: Reviews and ratings posted by user to an item.


Requirement:
You will create valid HTML pages that are styled with CSS
You will use Express and Node.js to handle your server and your backend requirements
You will persist data in a MongoDB database.
You will use browser-based JavaScript in order to enhance the functionality of your page
You will defend against basic security attacks
You will create accessibility-friendly pages.
A user login system
AJAX form submissions (at least one) and error checking
Data-related code organized in modules.
A single configuration file that will store configuration settings



Review:
Code Quality
Use of Client-Side JavaScript
Use of Server-Side JavaScript
Use of MongoDB
Project Goals delivered
Security measures
Use of valid HTML and CSS
Accessibility
Only requiring database credentials to be updated in one file.




Submit:
You will submit a zip archive that contains:
The directory with the final project
A readme describing how to setup and use your project
A seed task to seed your database with relevant data

Final Project Presentation:
All students will submit a video file on Canvas for their final project presentation.You will give a presentation demonstrating your product and discussing its technical background. You will go through your product and demonstrate it in its entirety; all deliverable goals, the entire process of using it, and so on. You will discuss any outside code that you used (i.e., frontend frameworks and libraries), as well as why you used said technologies. This video should be 10 to 15 minutes long. 
 
 

